Added Cucumber and Fitnesse to discussion (#59)
SW814F20/Report: report/Evaluation/Discussion.tex

The main part of The challenge was to provide a tool that would improve the communication between customers and developers, which in itself would be a rather large study to validate in depth.
As developers and Product Owners we, the project group, is of the believe that the solution would be a very helpful tool for both.

> 

Reviewer: Kunne måske være godt at dele discussion lidt op, så det du snakker om først, kommer i sit afsnit og så kommer dette i sit eget, da det er noget "andet" i forhold til det du har skrevet før?
Har ikke noget imod den måde det er på lige pt, bare mere en ide du kunne tænke over.
Om du gør det eller ej er op til dig :)

Author: Jeg har tilføjet et subsection der burde gøre det mere tydeligt.

> Then comparing our solution to others, such as Cucumber and Fitnesse, there are some key differences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Comparing our solution to others, such as Cucumber and Fitnesse, there are some key differences.
```

> Where both Cucumber and Fitnesse work by defining behaviour in plain text, however still using their representative syntaxes.
> Where both alternatives use text-based descriptions of behaviour our system does instead use the graphical interface of the mobile application to allow for true "drag 'n drop" interaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both Cucumber and Fitnesse work by defining behaviour in plain text, however, still using their representative syntaxes.
As these two alternatives use text-based descriptions of behaviour, our system does instead use the graphical interface of the mobile application to allow for true "drag 'n drop" interaction.
```

Where the other solutions allow for input validation, being from Fitnesse's Table based approach, which the customer is supposed to fill, perhaps with some help from the developers, effectively making it into a truth table.

> These truth tables as then compared with the evaluated values from the system ans is showed in the Wiki User Interface that Fitnesse uses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These truth tables are then compared with the evaluated values from the system and is showed in the Wiki User Interface that Fitnesse uses.
```

Meaning that each time the developer will have to leave their working environment to check if the behaviour is still as expected.

> With our solution the developer simply needs to generate some new tests, if they have changes, and import those tests into the software project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With our solution the developer simply needs to generate some new tests, if they have changed, and import those tests into the software project.
```

From the developers own development environment the state of all tests will become visible for the developers, just as the developers are used to from their Unit Testing.

> Where Fitnesse is a rather old system, from 2005 \cite{FitnesseDownload}, and it has not seen mass adoption by developers.
> Where Cucumber is a rather new alternative, from 2018 \cite{CucumberWiki}, has seen some adoption, however, mostly to large companies where they have in-house development teams developing their products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where Fitnesse is a rather old system, from 2005 \cite{FitnesseDownload}, and it has not seen mass adoption by developers, while Cucumber is a rather new alternative, from 2018 \cite{CucumberWiki}, has seen some adoption, however, mostly to large companies where they have in-house development teams developing their products.
```

> We see this as an effect of their Product Owners being in close relations to their developers allowing for the Product Owners to ether learn the syntax or create it in collaboration with the developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We see this as an effect of their Product Owners being in close relations to their developers allowing for the Product Owners to either learn the syntax or create it in collaboration with the developers.
```
